I have a concern.

The recent implementation about linking flow of a parent entry succeeded and satisfied, but i have some concerns i need you to address:

1. Remove the 'Continuation' because it is a general link term for all specific links we already have (Special Episode, Season, Spin-off, Side Story). Instead of 'Continuation' let's have sequel and prequel. In selecting 'Spin-off' in dropdown, can you add a another dropdown field beside it? Selectable: Sequel and Prequel.

For example:

Cherry Magic (2020) - Series, Japan [Parent Entry - Original]

Cherry Magic (2022) - Movie, Japan [Sequel]

The Novelist (2018) - Series, Japan [Parent Entry - Original]

Mood Indigo (2019) - Series, Japan [Prequel]

2. Add another 'Adaptation' dropdown. This should work with multiple adaptations of a parent entry:

For example:

Addicted Heroin (2016) - Series, China [Parent Entry - Original]

Stay With Me (2023) - Series, China [Adaptation]

Addicted Heroin (2024) - Series, Thailand [Adaptation]

Note: The recent implementation already has a duplication validation pass. Ensure examples above should be valid and passed.

3. Add a behavior modifier when adding a related entry (back-end only):

Example:

A user added a related entry and select it as a Season 1 in EditEntryModal, considering it as a parent entry and assuming the added related entry is a season 2.

Now, when a user navigates to EditEntryModal of a Season 2 of that entry, it should automatically fill the field as Season 2 and a related entry field should automatically filled since the user already marked a recent Season 1.

Now what happens if a user marked it first as a Season 2? 
- A user CANNOT save the entry and a message will appear below the relationship field to add a season 1 first.

Note: 

- This behavior modifier should also be applied to other relationship links not just Season.

4. This is more about visual changes:

(See attached photo)

Instead of displaying a text "Season # of [Parent Entry]", "Special Episode # of [Parent Entry]", etc... Display the existing badges already made specifically for seasons. Make also a similar badge on the following:

- Special Episode
- Adaptation
- Sequel
- Prequel
- Side Story

(Keep 'Standalone' as a non-displayable badge)

The placement of the badges:

Place the relationship badges below and after the Type • Year • Country AND before the genre tags.

Note: the placement should be done only based on the attached photo. EntryModal and others should NOT be affected.

Final Note: 

What should be written as a back-end, should be kept as a back-end. What should be written as a front-end, should be kept as front-end.

Purpose: To minimize details and prioritized visually clean and organized components.